                             Pick up lines

- That shirt looks very becoming on you....of course if I were on you
I'd be coming too.

- If I said you had a nice body, would you hold it against
me...Please??!!

- If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put U and I together.

- Are your legs tired? Because you've been running through my mind
all day.

- Is your father a thief? Because he stole the stars from the skies
and put them in your eyes!

- That dress looks nice....Of course, it'd look even better crumpled
up in the corner of my room.

- Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven's a long way from here.

- Pardon me, is there a mirror in your pocket? Because I keep seeing
myself in your pants.

- Would you like to have breakfast tomorrow? Should I nudge you or
call you?

- (Check female's shirt tag)....Just as I thought, made in heaven!

- Were your parents Greek gods? Because it takes two gods to make a
goddess.

- Pardon me miss, I seem to have lost my phone number, could I
borrow yours?

- Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a
knot.

- My face is leaving in 10 minutes... are you gonna be on it or not?

- Screw me if I'm wrong, but isn't your name Gretchen?

- Do you have any Italian in you? Would you like some?

- If I gave you a sexy negligee, would there be anything in it for
me?

- I'm new in town, could I get directions to your place?

- Miss, if you've lost your virginity, could I have the box it came
in?

- Hi, the voices in my head told me to come talk to you!

- If you and I were squirrels, could I bust a nut in your hole?

- Do you know the essential difference between sex and conversation?
No, huh...So you want to go somewhere and talk?

- That's a nice shirt...could I talk you out of it?

- Hey baby, you want to see something swell?

- Hi, I'm conducting a feel test to see how many women here have
pierced nipples....

- Are you religious? Cause I'm the answer to all your prayers!

- I love every bone in your body...especially mine.

- Pardon me, are you in heat?!

- Are you O.K.? Because heaven's a long fall from here.

- You know, I never was to good at math...like if I put you and I
together, I'd get 69.

- You have pretty eyeballs. Of course they'd be better if they were
eyeing my pretty balls.

- You know the more I drink, the prettier you get!

- Can I borrow a quarter? Cause my mom told me to call home when I
met the girl of my dreams.

- Was it love at first sight, or should I walk by again?

- You're good at math right? Is 69 a perfect square?

- Was your father a farmer? Because you sure have grown some nice
melons!

- Hey, here's the word for the day: legs. Whatdya say we go upstairs
and spread the word?!

- Hey Baby! I'd like to wrap your legs around my head and wear you
like a feed bag!

- Hey Baby! I'd like to use your thighs as earmuffs.

- Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off?

- Make a calling card that says.....Smile if you want to sleep with
me! Then watch your victim try to hold back her smile.

- Why don't you sit on my lap and we'll get things straight between
the two of us.

- Hey baby! Wanna go get some pizza and screw? What you don't like
pizza?

- She: (to passing man) Do you have the time? Him: Do you have the
energy?

- You know, I'd really love to screw your brains out, but it appears
someone has already beat me to it.

- You look like the type of girl who has heard every line in the
book. So, what's one more?

- Walk up to a lady at a social gathering (party, club, etc.) and
simply ask, "are you ready to go home now?

- You know, I'd give you a piece of my mind, but I've got more of
something else.

- At the dinner table, if you eat together, pick up the bread and
ask, "Wanna roll?"

- That's a really nice smile you've got, shame that's not all you
are wearing.

- OK, you can stand next to me as long as you don't talk about the
heat.

- Ask girl if she likes jewellery. Then grab your nuts and say,
"Then suck this, it's a gem!"

- Why don't you surprise your room-mate/parents and not go home
tonight?

- Good looking waitress pouring a drink: Say when! Guy: As soon as I
finish this drink.

- Lie down. I think I love you.

- What's a nice girl like you doing with a face like that?

- I can sense that you're a terrific lover, and it intimidates me a
little.

- If I weren't so romantic, I'd shoot you.

- My friend and I have a bet that you won't take off you blouse in a
public place.

- Can you believe that just a few hours ago we'd never even been to
bed together?

- I know a great way to burn off the calories from that pastry you
just ate.

- Was your father a mechanic? Then how did you get such a finely
tuned body?

- Have you ever kissed a rabbit between the ears? (Pull your pockets
inside out....) Would you like to?

- Stand back, I'm a doctor! You go get an ambulance and I'll loosen
her clothes.

- If it's true that we are what we eat, then I could be you by
morning.

- I think I could fall madly in bed with you.

- Hey baby, wanna play carnival? That's where you sit on my face and
I guess your age and weight.

- You: Tickle your ass with a feather? Her: What?! You: I said
'Particular nice weather?'!

- Hey baby, wanna play train conductor? OK. You sit on my face and
I'll Chew, chew, chew! (choo!)

- Hey baby, wanna play lion? OK. You go kneel right there and I'll
throw you my meat.

- Do you know the difference between my penis and a chicken leg?
No??? Well, let's go on a picnic and find out!

- Oh, you're a bird watcher....(Whip out your unit and ask) Well,
would you take this for a swallow?

- Stand back, I'm a police officer! You go call for backup and I'll
frisk her!

- Do you have a library card? Good, cause I wanna check you out!

- (At church during a sermon) (Put your arm around your gal...)
Honey, I don't know where he is....(motioning to the preacher) but I
do know I'm here with you.

- Baby, you look better and better each day...and tonight, you look
like tomorrow!

- Here's a quarter....call your room-mate and tell her you won't be
coming home tonight!

- Hey baby, you smell, let's take a shower together!

- Baby, you with those curves and me with no brakes! Mmmmm!

- Hey baby, whatdya say we go behind that rock and get a little
boulder?!?
